to the question the publishing tools
web classics are they outdated
I have an answer without appeal yes he
just step back and get
look at work when you want
orchestrated his digital communication on
is quickly found with 15 windows
open different software for
the website the social media webapp
in short, we spend our day doing
copy paste between all
interfaces we note a real
fragmentation of production tools
who have not followed the evolution of the web
which has become multi-screen and social
consumers spend their
smartphone to their pc or tablet
all day long and wait
on each support
a specific experience so how
to find oneself from a point of view
operational
so far the management solutions
of websites the cms were
usually simple tools of
publication of web pages
a new trend is to go to
real management solutions
internet content
what difference will you tell me and well
it's a fundamental difference
induced precisely by this trend of
multi screens and social media
historically we publish content on
a page for a visualization in a
browser on a pc today it takes
find a technological way for them
to travel on different screens
and on social media
that's why modern software
manages in the first sense of the term
the content they go on the one hand the
store properly for then
adapt it automatically to different
destination media for example if
a webmaster wants to share a page on
Facebook
when it is released the software will
propose a text of eighth note and a
line is suitable some software
even allow to manage in one
tool all of his communication
digital of a standard content we pass
to media ranging from email to the network
social going through the apps
audio
one last point these new tools
natively integrates social networks
and the principles of collaborative work
finally another feature is
enabled by these new tools the
community management system this is
to integrate the networks
social and working principles
collaborative this allows to switch
tools in tools to manage the activity
social media or the workflow on
a page for teams it's a
true revolution
from a more general point of view these
new tools are going more and more
to be like real little ones
operating systems that will allow
to make the content universal
take the time to think about it and opt
for a new generation cms